{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19960\viewh12400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Could you help me move this desk to the corner?
\f1\b0  (A) It\'92s a very nice desk. (B) Move it to the left. (C) Sure, I\'92d be happy to. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why don\'92t we grab a coffee before the meeting starts?
\f1\b0  (A) I just had one, but thanks. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) Two sugars, please. (C) In the conference room.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Would you mind checking these figures for me?
\f1\b0  (A) About fifteen percent. (B) No, not at all. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) The check is in the mail.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Could you tell me where the nearest post office is?
\f1\b0  (A) At three o'clock. (B) To mail a package. (C) I\'92m sorry, I\'92m not from around here. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why don\'92t we take a taxi instead of the bus?
\f1\b0  (A) That sounds like a faster option. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) The bus stop is over there. (C) No, I haven't seen it.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Would you like to join us for dinner tonight?
\f1\b0  (A) I had a steak. (B) I\'92m afraid I have other plans. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) The restaurant is open.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Could you lower the volume of the radio?
\f1\b0  (A) Yes, I\'92ll turn it down right away. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It\'92s a new station. (C) I turned it on.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why don\'92t we postpone the deadline until Friday?
\f1\b0  (A) Because it\'92s too late. (B) We already finished the project. (C) That would be a huge relief. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Would you prefer to meet in the morning or the afternoon?
\f1\b0  (A) Afternoon would be better for me. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) Yes, I would. (C) It\'92s a lovely morning.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Could you sign this delivery receipt, please?
\f1\b0  (A) It was delivered yesterday. (B) Of course, do you have a pen? 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) I saw the sign.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why don\'92t we ask Mr. Kim for his opinion?
\f1\b0  (A) He\'92s out of the office today. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) He\'92s a manager. (C) I think so too.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	12.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Would you be able to give me a lift to the airport?
\f1\b0  (A) The flight was on time. (B) About forty minutes. (C) My car is in the shop, unfortunately. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	13.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Could you pass me the stapler?
\f1\b0  (A) Here you go. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) I\'92m out of staples. (C) It\'92s on the desk.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	14.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why don\'92t we try that new Italian place down the street?
\f1\b0  (A) I\'92ve been to Italy twice. (B) I\'92ve heard their pasta is great. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) It\'92s a long street.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	15.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Would you please send the invoice to the accounting department?
\f1\b0  (A) I\'92ll do it first thing tomorrow. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) The account is closed. (C) It was quite expensive.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	16.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Could you remind me when the presentation begins?
\f1\b0  (A) It\'92s scheduled for 2:00 PM. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) I\'92ll show you the slides. (C) It was a great presentation.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	17.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why don\'92t we double-check the guest list?
\f1\b0  (A) There are fifty guests. (B) I already checked out. (C) Good idea, let\'92s do that now. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	18.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Would you like me to take your coat?
\f1\b0  (A) Thank you, that\'92s very kind. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It\'92s a blue coat. (C) I bought it on sale.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	19.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Could you show me how to use the photocopier?
\f1\b0  (A) There are ten copies. (B) Just press this green button. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0 (C) It\'92s broken again.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	20.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why don\'92t we hire a consultant to help with the marketing?
\f1\b0  (A) Our budget is a bit tight right now. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) He\'92s a very good consultant. (C) The marketing plan is ready.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	21.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Would you mind waiting in the lobby for a few minutes?
\f1\b0  (A) The lobby is on the first floor. (B) I\'92ve been waiting for an hour. (C) Certainly, I\'92ll take a seat. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	22.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Could you provide me with a copy of the annual report?
\f1\b0  (A) I\'92ll print one out for you. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It was a very long year. (C) The report is thirty pages.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	23.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why don\'92t we take a short break?
\f1\b0  (A) We only have ten minutes left. (B) I\'92m not really tired yet. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) It broke yesterday.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	24.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Would you like a refill on your water?
\f1\b0  (A) Yes, please. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) The glass is empty. (C) It\'92s cold outside.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	25.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Could you tell Mr. Henderson that I called?
\f1\b0  (A) He\'92s on the phone. (B) I\'92ll give him the message. 
\f0\b (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) You can call him later.\
}