{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This printer is out of ink again, isn't it? (A) It\'92s in the drawer. (B) I\'92ll take care of it right away. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) Yes, I printed ten copies.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mr. Henderson hasn\'92t signed the contract yet. (A) At the bottom of the page. (B) Yes, he\'92s a very good designer. (C) I didn\'92t know that. I\'92ll call him. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We should probably leave for the airport now. (A) I agree; the traffic is getting heavy. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) The flight was delayed by two hours. (C) No, I haven't seen my passport.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You\'92ve finished the quarterly report, haven't you? (A) It\'92s held every three months. (B) I\'92m glad you liked it. (C) Actually, I still have two pages left. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The cafeteria is closed for renovations this week. (A) I usually have a sandwich. (B) That explains why the doors were locked. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) About fifteen dollars.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sarah is the one in charge of the marketing campaign. (A) No, she doesn't like shopping. (B) To increase our digital presence. (C) Oh, I thought it was Mark. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You didn't remember to bring the extra chairs, did you? (A) They are very comfortable. (B) I\'92m sorry, it completely slipped my mind. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) There are four people in the meeting.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This client prefers to be contacted via email. (A) I sent the package yesterday. (B) His office is on the fifth floor. (C) Thanks for letting me know. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The lecture starts at 10:00, doesn't it? (A) No, it\'92s been pushed back to 10:30. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) I enjoyed the presentation. (C) It was a very long walk.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We\'92re running low on shipping supplies. (A) The ship departs at noon. (B) They are on the top shelf. (C) I\'92ll place an order this afternoon. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	11	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You've already met the new intern, haven't you? (A) Yes, we had lunch together yesterday. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) He\'92s looking for a permanent job. (C) In the conference room.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	12	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I'm afraid the elevator is still out of order. (A) It\'92s on the third floor. (B) Please sign your name here. (C) I guess I\'92ll have to take the stairs. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	13	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The budget proposal needs to be submitted by Friday. (A) I\'92ve already finished my draft. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) It was quite expensive. (C) Twenty dollars per person.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	14	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You aren't going to the retirement party, are you? (A) He has worked here for thirty years. (B) The cake was delicious. (C) No, I have a previous engagement. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	15	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 It\'92s much colder in the office today than usual. (A) I'll turn up the thermostat. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) I prefer the blue one. (C) Yes, I have a cold.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	16	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ms. Kim didn\'92t leave her umbrella here, did she? (A) No, it\'92s not raining. (B) Not that I can see. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) She\'92s at a conference in Seoul.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	17	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 There\'92s a typo on the first page of the brochure. (A) I read it twice. (B) The graphics are very colorful. (C) I\'92ll fix it before we print the rest. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	18	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The keynote speaker is late, isn't he? (A) His speech was very inspiring. (B) He\'92s stuck in a taxi. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) I don\'92t like public speaking.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	19	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I think we should reschedule our meeting for Tuesday. (A) The meeting was very productive. (B) I saw him on Monday. (C) Tuesday works for me. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	20	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You haven't seen the stapler anywhere, have you? (A) I\'92m using it at my desk. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) To keep the papers together. (C) No, I haven't seen that movie.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	21	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The commute is much faster if you take the express train. (A) The fare is five dollars. (B) It arrives every ten minutes. (C) I\'92ll try that tomorrow. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	22	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We don\'92t have enough copies of the agenda for everyone. (A) I\'92ll go make some more. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) It\'92s a very busy schedule. (C) I read it this morning.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	23	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This software update is taking much longer than expected. (A) I\'92ve already installed it. (B) Tell me about it; it\'92s been an hour! 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) The version number is 2.0.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	24	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You\'92re coming to the team-building event, aren't you? (A) It was built in 1995. (B) The team played very well. (C) I wouldn\'92t miss it. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	25	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We have a lot of work to finish before the deadline. (A) I\'92m happy to stay late and help. 
\f1\b (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) The line is very long. (C) Yes, the deadline was yesterday.\
}