{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh19980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Who is responsible for organizing the annual gala?
\f1\b0  (A) It\'92s held at the Grand Hotel. (B) 
\f0\b Ms. Gable from the events team. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) Yes, I\'92ll be there.\

\f0\b 2. Where can I find extra toner for the photocopier?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b In the cabinet labeled "Supplies." (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) I\'92ll make twenty copies. (C) It\'92s a very fast machine.\

\f0\b 3. When will the technician arrive to fix the server?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b Sometime before 3:00 PM. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) To upgrade the software. (C) No, he didn\'92t call.\

\f0\b 4. Who did you speak with at the insurance agency?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b I talked to a representative named Sarah. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) My policy expires next year. (C) It\'92s located downtown.\

\f0\b 5. Where did you put the blueprints for the new office?
\f1\b0  (A) It\'92s a very modern design. (B) 
\f0\b They are on the architect\'92s desk. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) I\'92ll print them out now.\

\f0\b 6. When is the next flight to Singapore departing?
\f1\b0  (A) At Gate 42B. (B) It takes about six hours. (C) 
\f0\b In approximately forty-five minutes. (correct)
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 7. Who won the Employee of the Month award?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b A programmer from the IT department. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It was a very close race. (C) For showing great leadership.\

\f0\b 8. Where are the orientation materials for the new interns?
\f1\b0  (A) They start next Monday. (B) 
\f0\b On the table in the lobby. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) I\'92ll introduce myself.\

\f0\b 9. When do we expect the shipment from the warehouse?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b Not until Thursday morning. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) By express delivery. (C) It\'92s a large order.\

\f0\b 10. Who should I contact if I need a password reset?
\f1\b0  (A) \outl0\strokewidth0 Try using your old one.\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  (B) It was changed last week. (C) 
\f0\b \outl0\strokewidth0 The help desk extension 505. (correct)
\f1\b0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b 11. Where is the nearest ATM located?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b Just around the corner, next to the cafe. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) I need to withdraw some cash. (C) No, it\'92s not working.\

\f0\b 12. When will the construction on Main Street be finished?
\f1\b0  (A) They are building a mall. (B) 
\f0\b According to the news, by October. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) It\'92s causing a lot of traffic.\

\f0\b 13. Who is the keynote speaker at the conference?
\f1\b0  (A) \outl0\strokewidth0 In the main auditorium.\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  (B) The speech was very inspiring. (C) 
\f0\b \outl0\strokewidth0 A well-known economist. (correct)
\f1\b0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b 14. Where did the manager go after the meeting?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b To a client lunch at the bistro. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It lasted over two hours. (C) He seemed very happy.\

\f0\b 15. When does the early-bird registration period end?
\f1\b0  (A) It\'92s a significant discount. (B) 
\f0\b At midnight on Friday. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) I already signed up.\

\f0\b 16. Who is going to lead the training session today?
\f1\b0  (A) \outl0\strokewidth0  I learned a lot.\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  (B) It\'92s in conference room B. (C)
\f0\b \outl0\strokewidth0 The human resources manager. (correct)
\f1\b0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b 17. Where can I park my car during the interview?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b There is a visitor lot behind the building. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) At 10:00 AM sharp. (C) I\'92ll drive you there.\

\f0\b 18. When did you last see the project schedule?
\f1\b0  (A) \outl0\strokewidth0 To plan the next phase.\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  (B) We are ahead of schedule. (C) \outl0\strokewidth0  
\f0\b I saw it on the breakroom wall this morning. (correct)
\f1\b0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b 19. Who is the landlord for this commercial space?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b A local real estate company. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) The rent is due monthly. (C) It\'92s a 5-year lease.\

\f0\b 20. Where are the scissors I borrowed from you?
\f1\b0  (A) \outl0\strokewidth0 To cut some paper.\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  (B) You can keep them. (C) 
\f0\b \outl0\strokewidth0 Check the top shelf of the bookcase. (correct)
\f1\b0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b 21. When is the most convenient time for us to meet?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b How about Tuesday at noon? (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It was a very productive meeting. (C) We met at the airport.\

\f0\b 22. Who authorized this expense report?
\f1\b0  (A) It was quite expensive. (B) 
\f0\b The department head signed it. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) I\'92ll submit it tomorrow.\

\f0\b 23. Where do you usually go for your lunch break?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b To the park if the weather is nice. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) I usually bring a sandwich. (C) For about an hour.\

\f0\b 24. When was the company founded?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b Over fifty years ago. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) In the electronics industry. (C) It\'92s a very successful firm.\

\f0\b 25. Who left this umbrella in the hallway?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b It might belong to the receptionist. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It\'92s raining very hard. (C) No, I didn't see it.\
}