{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Why is the cafeteria closed today?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b Because they are installing new kitchen equipment. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) I usually have a salad for lunch. (C) Across from the main entrance.\

\f0\b 2. How do I register for the upcoming leadership seminar?
\f1\b0  (A) It was very informative. (B) 
\f0\b You can sign up through the company portal. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) No, I didn't see the sign.\

\f0\b 3. Why did Mr. Henderson leave the conference early?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b He had to catch an international flight. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It was held in the grand ballroom. (C) Yes, quite a bit earlier than expected.\

\f0\b 4. How soon can we expect the shipment of office chairs?
\f1\b0  (A) They are made of recycled materials. (B) By the end of business tomorrow. (C) 
\f0\b The supplier said they will arrive by Friday. (correct)
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 5. Why was the training session moved to Room 302?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b The original room\'92s projector is broken. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It starts at 9:00 AM sharp. (C) It\'92s a very spacious office.\

\f0\b 6. How often does the shuttle bus run to the airport?
\f1\b0  (A) It costs fifteen dollars. (B) The driver is very professional. (C) 
\f0\b Every twenty minutes on the hour. (correct)
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 7. Why haven't we received the client's feedback yet?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b I\'92ll send them a follow-up email right now. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) They were very satisfied with the results. (C) No, it\'92s not on the back page.\

\f0\b 8. How much did the catering for the holiday party cost?
\f1\b0  (A) We ordered Italian food. (B) 
\f0\b It was surprisingly within our budget. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) About fifty people attended.\

\f0\b 9. Why are you taking the stairs instead of the elevator?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b The elevator is being serviced today. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) On the fourth floor, turn left. (C) To the basement level.\

\f0\b 10. How did the marketing team come up with the new logo?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b They hired an outside design agency. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It\'92s much brighter than the old one. (C) I think it looks great.\

\f0\b 11. Why is the commute taking so much longer this morning?
\f1\b0  (A) I usually take the train. (B) 
\f0\b There is major construction on the highway. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) It\'92s about ten miles from here.\

\f0\b 12. How do you like the new office layout?
\f1\b0  (A) I prefer the old desk. (B) It\'92s much more collaborative and open. (C) 
\f0\b I think it is a huge improvement. (correct)
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 13. Why did you decide to reschedule the interview?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b The candidate has a scheduling conflict. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It\'92s a very impressive resume. (C) In the small meeting room.\

\f0\b 14. How can we reduce our energy consumption this month?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b By turning off lights in empty rooms. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) The electric bill was very high. (C) It\'92s a renewable energy source.\

\f0\b 15. Why is the ventilation system making that loud noise?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b I\'92ll call the maintenance crew to check it. (correct)
\f1\b0 (B) No, it isn't very loud in here. (C) It was installed last summer.\

\f0\b 16. How did you hear about the job opening at our firm?
\f1\b0  (A) I\'92ve worked here for five years. (B) 
\f0\b I saw the advertisement on a professional network. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) The opening ceremony was lovely.\

\f0\b 17. Why wasn't the budget proposal approved?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b We need to provide more cost details. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It\'92s in the blue folder on your desk. (C) I\'92ll approve it later today.\

\f0\b 18. How long does it take to process a travel reimbursement?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b About two weeks from the date of submission. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It was a very expensive trip. (C) To the accounting department.\

\f0\b 19. Why are the streetlights still on at noon?
\f1\b0  (A) There must be a timer malfunction. (B) The street is being repaved. (C) 
\f0\b Because the sensor is likely broken. (correct)
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 20. How many more copies of the agenda do we need?
\f1\b0  (A) I already read the agenda. (B) 
\f0\b Just five more should be enough. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) The meeting is at noon.\

\f0\b 21. Why did the delivery driver call your mobile phone?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b He couldn't find the building entrance. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) I\'92ll be home all afternoon. (C) It\'92s a new smartphone model.\

\f0\b 22. How do you want these boxes organized?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b By the date they were received. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) Yes, I\'92ll help you carry them. (C) They are quite heavy.\

\f0\b 23. Why are we hiring more part-time staff?
\f1\b0  (A) To help with the increase in seasonal orders. (B) He works in the human resources office. (C) 
\f0\b To cover the extra evening shifts. (correct)
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 24. How was your flight to London?
\f1\b0  (A) For a business conference. (B) 
\f0\b It was very smooth and on time. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) I\'92m leaving next Tuesday.\

\f0\b 25. Why is there a "wet floor" sign in the lobby?
\f1\b0  (A) 
\f0\b Someone just finished mopping the tiles. (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) It\'92s a very large building. (C) You can sign your name here.\
}