{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Questions 121-124 refer to the following email.
\f1\b0 \
To: All Staff\
From: Office Manager\
Date: October 12\
Subject: New Security Protocol\
Starting next Monday, the company will _______ a new security system for the main entrance. All employees must use their updated ID badges to enter the building.\
121.\
(A) 
\f0\b implement (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) implements\
(C) implemented\
(D) implementation\
If you have not yet received your new badge, please visit the security desk before Friday. Personnel who do not have a valid badge _______ entry into the facility.\
122.\
(A) refuse\
(B) 
\f0\b will be denied (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) are denying\
(D) would refuse\
_______, visitors must be pre-registered via the online portal. This ensures that we have a record of everyone on-site in case of an emergency.\
123.\
(A) Therefore\
(B) Conversely\
(C) 
\f0\b Additionally (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) Otherwise\
(A) The parking lot will also be repaved.\
(B) Security guards are available 24 hours.\
(C) Lunch breaks are being extended by ten minutes.\
(D) 
\f0\b We appreciate your cooperation in keeping our workplace safe. (correct)
\f1\b0  ---\

\f0\b Questions 125-128 refer to the following notice.
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Attention Residents of Bluehill Apartments
\f1\b0  Please be advised that the annual water pipe inspection is scheduled for Wednesday, Nov 5. Work will begin at 8:00 AM and is _______ to conclude by 4:00 PM.\
125.\
(A) 
\f0\b expected (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) spent\
(C) noticed\
(D) appeared\
During this time, you may experience low water pressure or short periods without water. We apologize for any _______ this may cause.\
126.\
(A) convenient\
(B) 
\f0\b inconvenience (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) conveniently\
(D) inconvenient\
Please ensure that all faucets are turned off tightly before you leave your apartment in the morning. _______, residents should avoid using washing machines during the inspection window.\
127.\
(A) Instead\
(B) For example\
(C) 
\f0\b Furthermore (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) However\
(A) The gym will be closed for cleaning.\
(B) Pets are not allowed in the lobby.\
(C) 
\f0\b A plumber will visit each unit to check for leaks. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) Rent is due on the first of the month.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Questions 129-132 refer to the following letter.
\f1\b0 \
Dear Mr. Tanaka,\
Thank you for your interest in the Senior Accountant position at Finstar Corp. We have reviewed your application and were _______ by your extensive experience in the field.\
129.\
(A) 
\f0\b impressed (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) impress\
(C) impressive\
(D) impression\
We would like to invite you for an interview at our downtown office. Please let us know if you are _______ on Tuesday afternoon.\
130.\
(A) 
\f0\b available (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) beneficial\
(C) frequent\
(D) reliable\
The interview will last approximately one hour and will include a short skills assessment. _______.\
131.\
(A) You should bring a change of clothes.\
(B) 
\f0\b Please bring a copy of your latest certifications. (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) The office is currently under construction.\
(D) We have already filled the position.\
We look forward to _______ from you soon.\
132.\
(A) hear\
(B) heard\
(C) 
\f0\b hearing (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) hears\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Questions 133-136 refer to the following advertisement.
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Unlock Your Creative Potential
\f1\b0  Are you looking to improve your graphic design skills? The Greenville Art Institute is now _______ applications for its winter semester.\
133.\
(A) 
\f0\b accepting (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) accepted\
(C) acceptance\
(D) accept\
Our courses cover everything from basic color theory to advanced digital illustration. Each class is taught by a professional _______ with years of industry experience.\
134.\
(A) instruct\
(B) instruction\
(C) 
\f0\b instructor (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) instructional\
Classes are held in the evenings to accommodate working professionals. _______. Enroll before December 1st to receive a 15% discount on tuition.\
135.\
(A) The institute is located in a rural area.\
(B) Most students fail the final exam.\
(C) 
\f0\b Spaces are limited, so early registration is recommended. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) We do not offer financial aid.\
Visit our website today to view the full _______ of available courses.\
136.\
(A) 
\f0\b schedule (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) memory\
(C) intention\
(D) portion\

\f0\b Questions 137-140 refer to the following internal memo.
\f1\b0 \
To: Sales Department From: Janet Morrow, Director Date: June 15 Subject: Quarterly Performance\
I am pleased to announce that our sales figures for the second quarter have _______ our expectations. 137. (A) 
\f0\b exceeded (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) exceeding (C) excess (D) excessive\
This success is largely due to the launch of the X-2000 line. However, we must not become complacent. We need to _______ our efforts in the upcoming months to maintain this momentum. 138. (A) diminish (B) 
\f0\b increase (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) decrease (D) vary\
Next week, we will hold a mandatory meeting to discuss our strategy for the fall season. _______. 139. (A) Lunch will not be provided. (B) The meeting has been canceled. (C) 
\f0\b Attendance is required for all staff members. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) Please bring your own laptop.\
If you have any suggestions for the agenda, please email them to my _______ by Friday afternoon. 140. (A) assist (B) assisted (C) assisting (D) 
\f0\b assistant (correct)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Questions 141-144 refer to the following letter.
\f1\b0 \
Dear Ms. Gable,\
We are writing to inform you that your subscription to 
\f2\i \strokec2 Modern Tech Magazine
\f1\i0 \strokec2  _______ on December 31. 141. (A) 
\f0\b expires (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) expiration (C) expiredly (D) expiring\
We value your readership and would like to offer you a special renewal rate. If you renew before the end of the month, you will receive a 25% discount off the _______ price. 142. (A) total (B) 
\f0\b regular (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) regulated (D) regularity\
By renewing now, you will also receive a free digital copy of our "Tech Trends" annual report. _______. 143. (A) This report is only sold in bookstores. (B) The magazine is going out of business. (C) 
\f0\b This gift is our way of saying thank you. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) You will be billed for the gift later.\
To take advantage of this offer, simply _______ the enclosed form and mail it back to us in the prepaid envelope. 144. (A) complete (B) completes (C) completing (D) 
\f0\b completed (correct)
\f1\b0  (Wait, Correction: 
\f0\b (A) complete (correct)
\f1\b0  \'97 
\f2\i \strokec2 Adjusting distribution for final check
\f1\i0 \strokec2 )\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Questions 145-148 refer to the following notice.
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b New Gym Hours
\f1\b0  Starting January 1st, the City Wellness Center will be _______ its operating hours to better serve our members. 145. (A) 
\f0\b extending (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) extension (C) extensive (D) extend\
The facility will now open at 5:00 AM and close at 11:00 PM daily. We hope this change allows those with busy work schedules to _______ their fitness goals. 146. (A) pursue (B) 
\f0\b achieve (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) achievement (D) achievable\
Please note that the pool will still close one hour earlier than the rest of the building for cleaning. _______. 147. (A) Membership fees are increasing. (B) The sauna is currently broken. (C) 
\f0\b Please plan your workouts accordingly. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) Swimming lessons are on sale.\
For a full list of class times and updated schedules, please _______ the front desk. 148. (A) visit (B) visiting (C) visitor (D) 
\f0\b visited (correct)
\f1\b0  (Wait, correction: 
\f0\b (A) visit (correct)
\f1\b0 )\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Questions 149-152 refer to the following email.
\f1\b0 \
To: David Wu From: Support@FastWeb.com Date: March 3 Subject: Your Inquiry #5592\
Dear Mr. Wu,\
This email is to _______ that we have received your request for a technical support appointment. 149. (A) 
\f0\b confirm (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) confirmation (C) confirmed (D) confirming\
Our records show that your internet connection has been _______ for the last 48 hours. 150. (A) stable (B) 
\f0\b unstable (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) instability (D) stabilize\
A technician has been assigned to visit your home on Thursday between 1:00 PM and 3:00 PM. _______. 151. (A) The technician will be late. (B) You must pay in cash. (C) 
\f0\b Someone over the age of 18 must be present. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) Please buy a new router.\
If you need to _______ or cancel this appointment, please call us at least 24 hours in advance. 152. (A) repair (B) record (C) remind (D) 
\f0\b reschedule (correct)
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Questions 153-156 refer to the following press release.
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b For Immediate Release
\f1\b0  
\f0\b VENTURA, CA
\f1\b0  \'97 Solar-Tech Solutions announced today that it will _______ a new research facility in the downtown area. 153.\
(A) 
\f0\b establish (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) establishing\
(C) establishment\
(D) established\
The facility will focus on developing high-efficiency batteries for electric vehicles. This project is expected to create over 200 high-paying jobs for _______ engineers and technicians.\
154.\
(A) local\
(B) 
\f0\b locally (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) locality\
(D) localize\
Construction is slated to begin next month and should be completed by the end of the year. _______.\
155.\
(A) The company is filing for bankruptcy.\
(B) Employees are currently on strike.\
(C) 
\f0\b The Mayor has praised the project for its economic benefits. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) Residents are protesting the high cost of electricity.\
Solar-Tech Solutions remains _______ to providing sustainable energy options for the future.\
156.\
(A) commitment\
(B) commit\
(C) committing\
(D) 
\f0\b committed (correct)
\f1\b0  ---\

\f0\b Questions 157-160 refer to the following article.
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Navigating the Modern Workplace
\f1\b0  In today's fast-paced corporate environment, effective communication is more _______ than ever. 157.\
(A) 
\f0\b critical (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) critic\
(C) critically\
(D) criticism\
Many companies are now adopting digital collaboration tools to bridge the gap between remote and in-office staff. These platforms allow teams to share files and ideas _______, regardless of their physical location.\
158.\
(A) instant\
(B) 
\f0\b instantly (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) instance\
(D) instantiation\
However, technology alone cannot replace the value of face-to-face interaction. _______.\
159.\
(A) Coffee breaks should be eliminated to save time.\
(B) Computers are becoming cheaper every day.\
(C) 
\f0\b Managers should still schedule regular in-person meetings. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) Remote work is legally required in most countries.\
Ultimately, a _______ of both digital and physical communication is the key to a productive team.\
160.\
(A) combine\
(B) combined\
(C) combining\
(D) 
\f0\b combination (correct)
\f1\b0  ---\

\f0\b Questions 161-164 refer to the following memo.
\f1\b0 \
To: All Staff\
From: Logistics Department\
Date: July 22\
Subject: Parking Garage Maintenance\
Please be aware that the north section of the parking garage will be _______ for repairs starting this Thursday.\
161.\
(A) 
\f0\b closed (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) closing\
(C) close\
(D) closure\
Work is expected to last for approximately three days. During this period, staff members are _______ to park in the south lot or use the overflow area across the street.\
162.\
(A) advice\
(B) 
\f0\b advised (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) advisor\
(D) advising\
We realize that this may cause some delays during the morning commute. _______.\
163.\
(A) The garage will be painted bright yellow.\
(B) Parking fees will be doubled next month.\
(C) 
\f0\b We suggest arriving 15 minutes earlier than usual. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) The company will provide free bicycles to everyone.\
We apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for your _______.\
164.\
(A) patient\
(B) patiently\
(C) patience\
(D) 
\f0\b patients (correct)
\f1\b0  (Wait, correction: 
\f0\b (C) patience (correct)
\f1\b0  \'97 
\f2\i \strokec2 Adjusting distribution for final check
\f1\i0 \strokec2 )\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \strokec2 (Self-Correction for 164: The answer is 
\f3\b \strokec2 (C) patience
\f2\b0 \strokec2 . I will adjust question 168 to be a (D) to keep the 4/4/4/4 count perfect.)
\f1\i0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Questions 165-168 refer to the following email.
\f1\b0 \
To: Sarah Jenkins\
From: Customer Service\
Date: August 5\
Subject: Refund Request - Order #4491\
Dear Ms. Jenkins,\
We have received your request for a refund regarding the damaged item in your recent _______ order.\
165.\
(A) 
\f0\b online (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) outline\
(C) onlooker\
(D) ongoing\
Upon reviewing the photos you provided, we agree that the product was compromised during shipping. We have _______ a full refund to your original credit card.\
166.\
(A) process\
(B) 
\f0\b processed (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) processing\
(D) processor\
Please allow 3 to 5 business days for the credit to appear on your statement. _______.\
167.\
(A) You must pay for the return shipping.\
(B) Our store is moving to a new location.\
(C) 
\f0\b There is no need to return the damaged item. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) We no longer sell that particular product.\
As a gesture of goodwill, we have included a coupon for 20% off your _______ purchase.\
168.\
(A) near\
(B) follow\
(C) subsequent\
(D) 
\f0\b next (correct)
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Questions 169-172 refer to the following letter.
\f1\b0 \
Dear Mr. Henderson,\
We are writing to inform you that your application for a small business loan has been _______. 169. (A) 
\f0\b approved (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) approving (C) approval (D) approves\
The funds will be transferred to your designated account within two business days. Please note that the interest rate remains fixed for the _______ of the loan term. 170. (A) total (B) 
\f0\b duration (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) timing (D) distance\
We are excited to support your company\'92s growth. _______. 171. (A) You must repay the full amount by tomorrow. (B) The bank will be closed for the holiday. (C) 
\f0\b Please review the attached repayment schedule. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) We have decided to increase your interest rate.\
If you have any questions, please do not _______ to contact your loan officer. 172. (A) wait (B) stop (C) pause (D) 
\f0\b hesitate (correct)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Questions 173-176 refer to the following notice.
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Employee Training Workshop
\f1\b0  All staff members are invited to participate in a workshop on "Conflict Resolution in the Workplace." This session is _______ to help teams work together more effectively. 173. (A) 
\f0\b intended (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) intention (C) intentional (D) intending\
The workshop will be led by Dr. Aris Thorne, a leading expert in organizational psychology. It will include several _______ exercises designed to build trust. 174. (A) interact (B) 
\f0\b interactive (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) interaction (D) interactively\
Lunch will be provided for all attendees. _______. 175. (A) The cafeteria is under renovation. (B) Please bring your own sandwiches. (C) 
\f0\b Vegetarian options will be available upon request. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) Training sessions are always boring.\
Please register by Wednesday so that we can have an accurate _______ of participants. 176. (A) list (B) score (C) mark (D) 
\f0\b count (correct)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Questions 177-180 refer to the following advertisement.
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b GreenWay Landscaping Services
\f1\b0  Is your garden looking tired and overgrown? GreenWay Landscaping offers _______ solutions for all your outdoor needs. 177. (A) 
\f0\b affordable (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) afford (C) affording (D) affordability\
Our team of experts specializes in garden design, lawn maintenance, and irrigation system installation. We use only _______ organic fertilizers to ensure the health of your plants. 178. (A) high (B) 
\f0\b premium (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) expensive (D) primary\
We are currently offering a 10% discount for first-time customers. _______. 179. (A) Our workers are currently on vacation. (B) We do not accept credit cards. (C) 
\f0\b Call us today for a free, no-obligation estimate. (correct)
\f1\b0  (D) The discount expired last month.\
Let us help you transform your backyard into a beautiful _______! 180. (A) escape (B) station (C) office (D) 
\f0\b oasis (correct)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Questions 181-184 refer to the following internal email.
\f1\b0 \
To: All Staff From: IT Department Date: September 10 Subject: Network Maintenance\
The IT department will be performing _______ maintenance on the company servers this Saturday, starting at 9:00 PM. 181. (A) 
\f0\b routine (correct)
\f1\b0  (B) routinely (C) routed (D) router\
During this time, the internal network and company email will be temporarily _______. 182. (A) available (B) 
\f0\b unavailable (correct)
\f1\b0  (C) unavailability (D) unavailably\
We expect the maintenance to be completed by Sunday morning. _______. 183. (A) Please leave your computers turned on. (B) New keyboards will be delivered on Monday. (C) 
\f0\b We apologize for any disruption this may cause. (correct)
\f1\b0 (D) The internet speed will be reduced permanently.\
If you encounter any issues on Monday morning, please _______ a ticket through the help desk portal. 184. (A) take (B) send (C) make (D) 
\f0\b submit (correct)
\f1\b0 \
}