{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The marketing director decided to _______ the launch of the new product until the software bugs were fixed. (A) 
\f1\b postpone (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) prevent (C) prepare (D) promote\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mr. Henderson is _______ for overseeing the merger between the two telecommunications giants. (A) responsibility (B) responsive (C) responsibly (D) 
\f1\b responsible (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Please ensure that all travel expense reports are submitted _______ the end of the month. (A) into (B) 
\f1\b by (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) among (D) until\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The internal audit revealed that the company\'92s financial records were _______ accurate. (A) surprise (B) surprising (C) 
\f1\b surprisingly (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) surprised\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Even though the deadline is approaching, the team remains _______ that they can finish the project on time. (A) 
\f1\b confident (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) confidence (C) confidently (D) confidential\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The new office furniture will be delivered _______ Friday morning or Saturday afternoon. (A) neither (B) both (C) 
\f1\b either (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) also\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Employees are encouraged to attend the seminar, as it provides _______ information on retirement planning. (A) value (B) 
\f1\b valuable (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) valuably (D) valuing\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ms. Sato has been working _______ at the branch office in Tokyo for the past three years. (A) hardly (B) 
\f1\b steadily (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) nearly (D) briefly\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The CEO\'92s speech was so _______ that several investors decided to increase their funding immediately. (A) persuasively (B) persuasion (C) persuade (D) 
\f1\b persuasive (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Guests are asked to check out of their rooms _______ 11:00 AM to allow the housekeeping staff to prepare for new arrivals. (A) to (B) 
\f1\b before (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) on (D) with\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The technician _______ the server yesterday, so the network should be much faster now. (A) repairs (B) repairing (C) 
\f1\b repaired (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) will repair\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	12.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The committee will choose the most _______ candidate for the position of Regional Manager. (A) qualify (B) qualification (C) 
\f1\b qualified (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) qualifying\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	13.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 After several hours of negotiation, the two parties finally reached an _______ on the contract terms. (A) agree (B) 
\f1\b agreement (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) agreeable (D) agreed\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	14.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Please review the attached document _______ before the meeting starts at 2:00 PM. (A) care (B) careful (C) 
\f1\b carefully (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) caring\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	15.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Most of the residents in the neighborhood are _______ the proposal to build a new shopping mall. (A) 
\f1\b against (correct)
\f0\b0 (B) toward (C) through (D) across\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	16.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The annual report provides a _______ summary of the company\'92s achievements over the last fiscal year. (A) 
\f1\b comprehensive (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) comprehend (C) comprehensively (D) comprehension\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	17.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If the shipment does not arrive _______ tomorrow, please contact the logistics department. (A) at (B) in (C) for (D) 
\f1\b by (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	18.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 All employees must wear their identification badges _______ they are inside the building. (A) during (B) 
\f1\b while (correct)
\f0\b0 (C) despite (D) because\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	19.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The human resources department is looking for someone who can work _______ under pressure. (A) efficient (B) efficiency (C) 
\f1\b efficiently (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) more efficient\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	20.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Small businesses may be _______ from certain taxes if they meet specific government criteria. (A) 
\f1\b exempt (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) external (C) excess (D) expert\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	21.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The manager asked the staff to provide _______ feedback regarding the new cafeteria menu. (A) construct (B) 
\f1\b constructive (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) construction (D) constructively\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	22.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 _______ the bad weather, the outdoor corporate retreat was a huge success. (A) Although (B) Because (C) However (D) 
\f1\b despite (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	23.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mr. Kim was _______ promoted to Senior Vice President after his department exceeded its annual sales goal. (A) recent (B) 
\f1\b recently (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) recency (D) more recent\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	24.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The warranty on this laptop _______ all hardware defects for a period of two years. (A) 
\f1\b covers (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) covering (C) cover (D) to cover\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	25.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The research team is _______ a study on the effects of remote work on employee productivity. (A) 
\f1\b conducting (correct)
\f0\b0 (B) behaving (C) guiding (D) operating\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	26.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Applicants must submit a cover letter _______ with their resume to be considered for the internship. (A) 
\f1\b along (correct)
\f0\b0 (B) aside (C) apart (D) away\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	27.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The legal team is currently _______ the fine print of the partnership agreement. (A) examine (B) 
\f1\b examining (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) examined (D) examines\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	28.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The supply room is located _______ the break area and the main conference room. (A) among (B) 
\f1\b between (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) inside (D) against\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	29.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 To receive a full refund, customers must return the merchandise in its _______ packaging. (A) origin (B) 
\f1\b original (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) originally (D) originality\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	30.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The supervisor was impressed by how _______ the intern completed the complex filing task. (A) quick (B) quicker (C) 
\f1\b quickly (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) quickest\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	31.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The project manager requested that the team members _______ their weekly reports by Friday at noon. (A) submission (B) 
\f1\b submit (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) submitting (D) submitted\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	32.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Although the new software is complex, it is _______ more efficient than the previous version. (A) signify (B) significant (C) significance (D) 
\f1\b significantly (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	33.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mr. Gable was chosen for the award because of his _______ contribution to the urban renewal project. (A) outstayed (B) 
\f1\b outstanding (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) outstandingly (D) outstand\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	34.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The cafeteria will be closed for renovations _______ the entire month of August. (A) at (B) while (C) 
\f1\b throughout (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) among\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	35.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Many economists _______ that interest rates will remain stable for the remainder of the fiscal year. (A) 
\f1\b predict (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) prediction (C) predictable (D) predictedly\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	36.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The human resources department requires all new hires to _______ a background check. (A) undertake (B) 
\f1\b undergo (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) underline (D) underneath\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	37.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The brochure provides a very _______ description of the resort's amenities and local attractions. (A) detail (B) detailing (C) details (D) 
\f1\b detailed (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	38.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Please contact the IT department if you experience any _______ accessing the company database. (A) difficult (B) difficultly (C) 
\f1\b difficulty (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) diffidence\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	39.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The CEO will _______ the keynote address at the international trade conference in Berlin. (A) delivery (B) delivered (C) deliverable (D) 
\f1\b deliver (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	40.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Residents are advised to keep their windows closed _______ the nearby construction work is ongoing. (A) 
\f1\b while (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) during (C) despite (D) regarding\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	41.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The newly opened branch office is _______ located near the central train station. (A) convenience (B) 
\f1\b conveniently (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) convenient (D) conventional\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	42.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Production was halted _______ due to a mechanical failure on the main assembly line. (A) temporary (B) temporal (C) 
\f1\b temporarily (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) tempering\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	43.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 All laboratory personnel must follow the safety protocols _______ to prevent accidents. (A) strict (B) strictness (C) stricter (D) 
\f1\b strictly (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	44.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The company\'92s profits have grown _______ since the introduction of the new marketing strategy. (A) steady (B) 
\f1\b steadily (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) steadiness (D) steadied\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	45.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Our customer service representatives are available 24 hours a day to _______ your concerns. (A) 
\f1\b address (correct)
\f0\b0 (B) addressing (C) addressed (D) addresses\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	46.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The hotel offers a shuttle service for the _______ of its guests. (A) convenient (B) 
\f1\b convenience (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) conveniently (D) convene\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	47.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The board of directors will _______ the proposed budget during next week's meeting. (A) reviews (B) reviewing (C) 
\f1\b review (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) reviewed\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	48.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The accounting department found a slight _______ between the two financial statements. (A) 
\f1\b discrepancy (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) discrete (C) discretion (D) describing\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	49.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Customers who spend more than $100 are _______ for free shipping on their order. (A) eligibility (B) elegantly (C) 
\f1\b eligible (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) elective\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	50.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The supervisor gave the team _______ instructions on how to operate the new machinery. (A) clearly (B) clarity (C) cleared (D) 
\f1\b clear (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	51.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Please handle the prototype _______, as it is extremely fragile and expensive to replace. (A) careful (B) 
\f1\b carefully (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) care (D) careless\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	52.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The marketing team is looking for a _______ way to reach younger consumers. (A) 
\f1\b creative (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) creation (C) creatively (D) create\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	53.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The conference room is _______ large enough to accommodate all fifty participants. (A) suffice (B) 
\f1\b sufficiently (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) sufficient (D) sufficiency\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	54.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The contract states that either party may _______ the agreement with thirty days' written notice. (A) termination (B) terminal (C) 
\f1\b terminate (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) terminating\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	55.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Employees should _______ the office manager if they need additional stationery supplies. (A) notification (B) 
\f1\b notify (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) notice (D) noticeable\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	56.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The technician worked _______ to restore the internet connection before the video call. (A) quick (B) quickness (C) 
\f1\b quickly (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) quickest\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	57.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We are pleased to announce that Ms. Lawson has accepted the _______ of Chief Financial Officer. (A) 
\f1\b position (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) positive (C) positively (D) positioned\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	58.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The seminar will focus on how to _______ workplace productivity through better time management. (A) enhancement (B) enhanced (C) 
\f1\b enhance (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) enhancing\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	59.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Regular maintenance is _______ to ensure the long-term reliability of the HVAC system. (A) essentially (B) 
\f1\b essential (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) essence (D) essences\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	60.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The price of the tour _______ breakfast and transportation to the historical sites. (A) including (B) inclusive (C) inclusion (D) 
\f1\b includes (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	61.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The research team found that the new chemical compound is _______ to extreme heat. (A) resistance (B) 
\f1\b resistant (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) resistively (D) resisted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	62.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mr. Gomez was _______ to hear that the budget proposal had been approved by the board. (A) relief (B) relieves (C) 
\f1\b relieved (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) relieving\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	63.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The company offers an _______ range of benefits, including health insurance and dental plans. (A) 
\f1\b extensive (correct)
\f0\b0 (B) extension (C) extensively (D) extends\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	64.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Please make sure to check your flight status _______ before leaving for the airport. (A) frequent (B) 
\f1\b frequently (correct)
\f0\b0 (C) frequency (D) frequented\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	65.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The new regulations will _______ all businesses operating within the city limits. (A) effect (B) 
\f1\b affect (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) affective (D) affection\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	66.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 After the merger, the company will _______ its headquarters to a larger facility in Chicago. (A) relocate (B) relocating (C) 
\f1\b relocated (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) relocation\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	67.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The manager expressed his _______ for the hard work the team put into the product launch. (A) appreciate (B) 
\f1\b appreciation (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) appreciative (D) appreciably\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	68.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Customers are encouraged to provide their email addresses to receive _______ updates on sales. (A) 
\f1\b periodic (correct)
\f0\b0 (B) period (C) periodically (D) periodical\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	69.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The technical manual is written in a way that is _______ to even non-expert users. (A) access (B) accessory (C) 
\f1\b accessible (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) accessibility\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	70.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We must find a _______ solution to the logistical problems we are currently facing. (A) practice (B) 
\f1\b practical (correct)
\f0\b0 (C) practically (D) practicing\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	71.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The sales department reported a _______ increase in revenue during the third quarter. (A) 
\f1\b substantial (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) substance (C) substantially (D) substantiate\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	72.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 All visitors are required to _______ in at the security desk upon arrival. (A) 
\f1\b sign (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) signature (C) signed (D) signing\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	73.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The committee will _______ the feedback from the pilot program before making a final decision. (A) analyze (B) 
\f1\b analyzing (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) analysis (D) analyst\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	74.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The software update was designed to _______ the overall security of the network. (A) strong (B) strength (C) 
\f1\b strengthen (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) strongly\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	75.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mr. Peterson is the most _______ person to lead the new environmental initiative. (A) 
\f1\b appropriate (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) appropriately (C) appropriation (D) appropriating\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	76.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The renovated lobby features a _______ design that reflects the company's modern brand. (A) 
\f1\b contemporary (correct)
\f0\b0 (B) contemporaneously (C) contemplate (D) contemplation\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	77.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Please submit your vacation requests at least two weeks in _______ to ensure coverage. (A) advance (B) 
\f1\b advanced (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) advancing (D) advancement\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	78.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The consultant suggested that we _______ our marketing efforts on social media platforms. (A) concentration (B) concentrated (C) 
\f1\b concentrate (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) concentrating\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	79.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The laboratory is equipped with the _______ technology for DNA sequencing. (A) 
\f1\b latest (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) lately (C) late (D) lateness\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	80.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Despite the high cost, the new machinery is expected to be _______ in the long run. (A) profit (B) 
\f1\b profitable (correct)
\f0\b0 (C) profitably (D) profitability\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	81.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The annual gala is a _______ event that raises money for local charities. (A) 
\f1\b prestigious (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) prestige (C) prestigiously (D) presiding\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	82.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The CEO _______ announced that the company would be expanding into the European market. (A) formal (B) 
\f1\b formally (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) formality (D) formation\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	83.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The orientation session is _______ for all new employees joining the firm this month. (A) 
\f1\b mandatory (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) mandate (C) mandatorily (D) mandating\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	84.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Small changes in the manufacturing process can result in _______ improvements in quality. (A) signify (B) 
\f1\b significant (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) significantly (D) significance\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	85.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The office manager is responsible for the _______ of all necessary office supplies. (A) 
\f1\b procurement (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) procure (C) procurable (D) procuring\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	86.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We need to hire a _______ assistant to help with the increasing administrative workload. (A) 
\f1\b dependable (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) dependence (C) dependently (D) depending\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	87.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The legal department is currently _______ the terms of the new partnership agreement. (A) review (B) 
\f1\b reviewing (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) reviewed (D) reviews\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	88.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The city council is considering a _______ to build a new public library downtown. (A) propose (B) 
\f1\b proposal (correct)
\f0\b0 (C) proposing (D) proposed\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	89.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Employees should be _______ of the company's policy regarding personal use of social media. (A) 
\f1\b aware (correct)
\f0\b0  (B) awareness (C) awarely (D) awaring\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	90.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The technician will arrive _______ at 9:00 AM to perform the scheduled maintenance. (A) prompt (B) 
\f1\b promptly (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) promptness (D) prompted\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	91.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The warranty will be considered void if the product is repaired by an _______ service provider. (A) authorize (B) authority (C) authorization (D) 
\f1\b unauthorized (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	92.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The company\'92s growth has been _______ attributed to its focus on customer satisfaction. (A) primary (B) prime (C) 
\f1\b primarily (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) primacy\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	93.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Because of a scheduling conflict, the department meeting has been moved _______ to the following Tuesday. (A) at (B) since (C) by (D) 
\f1\b to (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	94.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The supervisor was pleased to see that the interns were working _______ on the data entry project. (A) collaborate (B) collaborative (C) 
\f1\b collaboratively (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) collaboration\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	95.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Customers who wish to return items must do so _______ 30 days of the original purchase date. (A) through (B) between (C) along (D) 
\f1\b within (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	96.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The CEO announced that the company will _______ its operations into Southeast Asia next year. (A) expansion (B) expansive (C) expansively (D) 
\f1\b expand (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	97.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Please ensure that all sensitive documents are shredded _______ they are discarded. (A) after (B) during (C) 
\f1\b before (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) while\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	98.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The research team\'92s findings were _______ with the results of previous studies in the field. (A) consist (B) consisting (C) consistence (D) 
\f1\b consistent (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	99.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 To apply for the position, please send your resume and a _______ list of references to the HR department. (A) complete (B) completing (C) completion (D) 
\f1\b completed (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	100.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The new ventilation system was installed to _______ the air quality in the warehouse. (A) improved (B) improvement (C) improving (D) 
\f1\b improve (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	101.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Although the initial cost is high, the investment is expected to be _______ in the long term. (A) benefit (B) beneficials (C) 
\f1\b beneficial (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) beneficially\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	102.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mr. Lee\'92s _______ to the project was instrumental in meeting the tight deadline. (A) dedicate (B) dedicated (C) dedicating (D) 
\f1\b dedication (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	103.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The flight was delayed _______ a technical issue with the aircraft\'92s navigation system. (A) because (B) since (C) 
\f1\b due to (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) as for\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	104.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Employees are reminded to lock their desk drawers _______ leaving the office for the evening. (A) through (B) among (C) across (D) 
\f1\b before (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	105.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The marketing campaign was _______ successful, resulting in a 20% increase in web traffic. (A) high (B) higher (C) 
\f1\b highly (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) highest\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	106.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The board of directors will _______ the merger proposal during the next executive session. (A) discuss (B) discussion (C) 
\f1\b discussing (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) discussed\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	107.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Please notify the maintenance department if the elevator is not _______ properly. (A) operate (B) operator (C) operational (D) 
\f1\b operating (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	108.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The new law requires all factories to _______ their carbon emissions by the end of the decade. (A) reduced (B) reduction (C) reductive (D) 
\f1\b reduce (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	109.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Most experts agree that the economy will experience a _______ recovery over the next two years. (A) graduals (B) gradually (C) 
\f1\b gradual (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) graduate\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	110.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The manager asked the team to _______ the most urgent tasks before the weekend. (A) priority (B) prior (C) prioritized (D) 
\f1\b prioritize (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	111.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The guest speaker\'92s presentation was both informative and _______ entertaining. (A) thorough (B) 
\f1\b thoroughly (correct)
\f0\b0 (C) thoroughness (D) more thorough\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	112.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Many travelers prefer this airline because of its _______ for punctuality and service. (A) repute (B) reputed (C) 
\f1\b reputation (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) reputedly\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	113.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The company decided to _______ the old filing system with a new digital database. (A) replace (B) replacement (C) replacing (D) 
\f1\b replaced (correct)
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	114.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 All applicants must provide _______ of their professional certifications during the interview. (A) prove (B) 
\f1\b proof (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) proven (D) provable\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	115.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The technical support team is available _______ the clock to assist with any network issues. (A) in (B) at (C) 
\f1\b around (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) on\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	116.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The committee reached a _______ decision after several hours of intense debate. (A) finality (B) finalize (C) 
\f1\b final (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) finally\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	117.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We are looking for a candidate who has _______ experience in international logistics. (A) extend (B) 
\f1\b extensive (correct)
\f0\b0 (C) extensively (D) extension\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	118.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The office will remain open _______ the holiday, though with a reduced staff. (A) between (B) among (C) 
\f1\b throughout (correct)
\f0\b0  (D) into\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	119.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Please update your contact information _______ to ensure you receive all company announcements. (A) prompt (B) 
\f1\b promptly (correct)
\f0\b0  (C) promptness (D) prompting\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	120.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The CEO expressed her _______ gratitude to the staff for their loyalty during the transition. (A) sincere (B) sincerely (C) sincerity (D) 
\f1\b sincerest (correct)
\f0\b0 \
}